---
title: "YASSI"
---
::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Why another HomeAssistant integration?
  - #why-another-integration
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/nuxtlabs/docus
snippet:
  - Custom Components
  - "- input selection"
  - "- soundmode selection"
  - "- eq-preset selection"
  - "- woofer settings"
  - "- other cool things"
---

#title
Yassi

#description
Yet another Samsung soundbar integration for HomeAssistant
::

::card-grid
#title
Quick-Start
#root
:ellipsis

#default
  ::card
  #title
  Getting Started.
  #description
  Go, Go, Go... Here you will find information on "How to install / configure".
  <br>
  <br>
  :button-link[click here]{href="/getting-started"}
  ::

  ::card
  #title
  Features
  #description
  Many cool features are awaiting your eyes to see ✨.
  <br>
  <br>
  :button-link[click here]{href="/features"}
  ::
::


## Why another integration

The current Samsung Soundbar Integration by @PiotrMachowski / @thierryBourbon are already pretty cool.
But I wanted it to appear as a device, and base the Foundation on the `pysmartthings` python package.

Additionally, I wanted full control over the *Soundmode* and more. So I tried out a few things with the API,
and found that also the **Subwoofer** as well as the **Equalizer** are controllable.

I created a new wrapper around the `pysmartthings.DeviceEntity` specifically set up for a Soundbar, and this
is the Result.

I hope to integrate also controls for **surround speaker** as well as **Space-Fit Sound**, but as these features
are not documented... ;) 